Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Tonight your mine ♪
♪ completely. ♪
♪ You give your love ♪
♪ so sweetly ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ the light of love is in your eyes. ♪
♪ Will you still love me ♪
♪ tomorrow? ♪
Ma'am are you okay?
You hear me?
I've got someone on the south lawn.
We need paramedics over here right away.
Copy that.
Jesus Christ.
What happened to you?
In laws.
You say in laws?
What about your in laws. Ma'am?
Hey. stay with us.
Just keep your eyes on me.
Take it easy. Slow. steady breaths.
She's down.
Get that stretch over here.
Get her loaded up until counting to go.
One inbound. critical condition.
Ready. One. two. three.
One. two.
Stay with us.
Is she in? Yeah.
SK had a vital signs on her.
I'm gonna get oxygen on.
I'm gonna check pupils.
-I don't have a pressure.
-No pupil response.
-Let's check a pulse.
-No pulse.
-Synch. Cardiac arrest.
-Starting compressions.
Charging 200.
Ready. Clear.
Hospital coming in with a Caucasian female.
mid to late 20s.
in severe shock.
Multiple lacerations.
possible gunshot wound
through the left hand.
through and through.
Pulse...
No pulse.
-I'll get her concussions again.
-Charging.
Clear.
Hide and seek
She's in here!
Hail satan.
Mrs. Le Domas?
Where am I?
You're in Wilbury. Connecticut.
St. John's Hospital.
Why my handcuffs?
Mrs. Le Domas.
It's Ms. MacCaullay
It says here you married Alex Le Domas.
This didn't work out.
I'm Detective Roger Bassett.
You're in some trouble. Ms. MacCaullay.
You're being detained by the
Wilbury Police Department
under suspicion of arson and murder.
They found the remains of two people
in the house after they put out the fire.
And your clothes were
drenched in blood.
It wasn't yours.
Now. if you'd care to make a statement.
Could you pass me a cigarette?
This is not going to go well for you.
Ms. MacCaullay.
Things would go a lot easier
if you would just cooperate.
She has a visitor.
You expecting someone?
Oh. shit. Look at you.
What are you doing here?
Well. I'm still your emergency contact.
so thanks for that.
Who are you?
Faith MacCaullay.
-Who are you?
-Family?
Biologically speaking. yeah.
We're sisters.
-But we're not family.
-Okay.
I'm gonna give you a few minutes
and then I'm gonna take you to the station.
Get that statement.
What happened?
You wouldn't believe me.
That's probably true.
But I drove all the way out
to Bumfuck. Connecticut.
Where'd you come from?
You mean where do I live?
Murray Hill.
I'm in Chelsea.
Yeah? Cool.
How long have you lived in New York?
I moved out there when I was 18.
just like you.
-And you never thought?
-Grace.
Come on. You made it
very clear a long time ago
that you're not interested
in being my sister.
Okay. And the feeling's mutual.
I'm not here for a reunion.
Yeah. it's good to see you too.
-How are you?
-I'm fucking amazing.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. really good.
I'm a social media coordinator.
I live in a kick ass one bedroom
and I have a hot as fuck boyfriend
named Derek.
And I didn't have to fuck
Alex Le Domas to get it.
I did it all by myself.
How do you know about Alex?
I saw you together once
at the Whole Foods on 25th and 7th.
He's tall.
You could have said something.
Why? I'm in a good place.
You're a negative person.
I'm not a negative person.
And even though you abandoned me.
I did not abandon you.
I still believe in the fundamental
goodness of humanity.
Oh. my God. If you knew
what I'd just been through.
then tell me.
I told you.
you wouldn't believe me.
All right. I'm glad you're okay.
But you haven't changed.
I'm just gonna go.
Faith. wait.
After the wedding. Alex tells me
I have to pull a card.
play whatever game it says.
Some kind of initiation ritual.
which I thought was weird.
but wanted them to like me
because they were gonna be my new family.
Anyway.
I pull hide and seek
and it gets real quiet
because apparently
that's the bad card.
And they think they have
to try to sacrifice me to the devil.
They told me I could win
if I stayed hidden till dawn.
But they thought if I won.
they'd die.
So they hunted me.
I got shot through the hand.
beat to shit by a butler.
Then my-my husband stab me.
But I made it till dawn.
I fucking won.
So did they drop dead?
No.
they blew up.
They blew up?
And then after they blew up.
there was a guy in a chair
and he nodded at me.
Who was the guy in the chair?
I don't know.
But he was see through.
so I'm pretty sure he was...
You know.
You are so going to jail.
Yeah.
Approve the ceasefire.
Good morning. Mr. Danforth.
It's been a long time.
I have some news.
Leave us.
The Le Domases are no more.
Pernilla.
Can you find my children?
Of course.
I'll inform the others.
Bride survived. Le Domas family gone.
The ball is in play.
Assemble my lawyers immediately.
Collection of weathered houses. cluttered.
Cogno who wrote this shit?
I'll just wing it.
I'll do my own thing. like always.
Hey. All right. Tell.
We'll leave the guards at the jet.
It's my turn.
Bring me my knives.
This is our chance.
Le Bail be praying.
Father.
So the Le Domas failed.
The bride survived.
The ball is in play.
No. that's not fair. It's ours.
It doesn't matter. It's in the rules.
You know what you have to do.
Dad. please.
Be a fuckin' man.
You are Danforth.
This must never leave our family.
You must win the seat back.
We will.
You have my word.
Well.
get on with.
Titus.
It's over.
Not for the pride.
All right. Ms. MacCaullay.
We'll get you some clothes.
then continue our conversation
at the station.
I can't wait for you to tell me
about that goat.
It's all gonna be yours.
Mrs. Le Domas?!
Where are you?
What is going on?
This can't be happening again.
Listen. we need to run.
I'm going back to the car.
-Do not leave me.
-Okay.
okay. okay.
Not so good as I see now.
What the fuck?
There could be more coming.
I gotta get out of these cuffs. Okay.
What the fuck?
We gotta get out of here.
And disappear.
What's the fuck doing?
Might have to fight.
I can't fight in this gown.
No time to look for new clothes.
You have to fight?
Okay. Okay.
Come on. We gotta go.
What a mess.
Looks like Mr. Wilkinson
tried to kill the girl
before the game could begin.
And condemned his entire
bloodline to a premature end.
That's what happens when you break
one of Mr. Le Bail's rules.
Hello there.
And who might you be?
And right then. I knew that
we were both going to make it.
Because we had this moment to
live for.
And here we are.
We made it.
-I love you so much.
-Mark.
When we met that day in the chemo ward.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I am terribly sorry to tell you.
but I'm going to have to ask
you all to vacate the premises.
Unfortunately. we have a gas leak.
Are you fucking kidding me?
She's not. Kindly get the fuck out.
Besides. you could do way better.
Attention. ladies and gentlemen.
Due to uncertain circumstances.
the resort is closed.
These people need to go home.
Get the fuck out.
Why do you always feel the need
to be such a dick?
Your little grace goes a long way.
Oh. that was funny.
Today is not the day for funny.
Dad gave us a mission
and I'm not gonna let him down.
Yo. cousins. How long has it been?
I'm gonna sauna it up.
Come get me when the
fireworks start. Dick dab.
You don't have to speak to him.
Just don't start anything. okay?
Not today.
Fuckin' Kip.
It had to be done.
You look just like him when you're sad.
Please remain calm and proceed
in an orderly fashion to the exit.
I repeat.
please remain calm and proceed
to the exits in an orderly fashion.
Ladies and gentlemen. pack up
your shit and get the fuck out. please.
When the last time the council
actually convened in person?
October 1963.
I looked it up.
Well. they're on their way
to the lodge now.
And so it begins.
Ignacio. Felipe.
-You haven't aged a day.
-Huh?
No. Francesca?
I thought for sure she'd
want to be here for this.
She'll be along. Believe me. now.
she wouldn't misses for the world.
No. it's exciting. It's.
Well. it's exciting for me.
It's terrifying for you.
Yes. And you.
Who?
Ursula.
Titus.
You remember my son.
Cheng fu
Chen Xing. Cheng Fu.
What's the wi fi password?
Be nice.
Madhu. Viraj.
Martina. Welcome.
So how's this shit work out?
Our guest will be arriving soon.
and then the lawyer
will explain everything.
Ah. lawyer.
Speak slow for this beautiful
dum dum over here.
Single syllable words.
Apppears. our guest of honor is arriving.
Hello. Grace. I'm Ursula Danforth.
This is my brother. Titus.
Welcome to our home.
May I speak to it. Father?
It can't hurt you.
Did you see Mr. Le Bail?
One sec. I just gotta take a
quick selfie before we start.
Yo.
This girl. Best of the Le Domas's.
And Bill Wilkinson.
Can we start this. please?
And where the fuck is Chester?
Our father passed.
-What the fuck?
-What?
Last night. In his sleep.
Wait. wait. wait. So does that mean
that you're playing now?
As we are twins. we will both
be taking the field. Yes.
What the fuck. Now.
How convenient.
I told you the Danforths were snakes.
And that they would cheat somehow
Grace. I realize this must be
terrifying for you.
but you are here for a very special.
very exciting reason.
You've caused quite a stir.
-Mrs. Le Domas
-MacCaullay.
I am the sole attorney for Mr. Le Bail
and the Le Bail organization.
The organization is led by a council
made up of the heads of 6 families.
including your in laws.
Now that the Le Domas and
Wilkinson families have been wiped out.
the council of six families
is currently down to four.
The reason you're here is that by
surviving Le Domas's game of hide and seek.
you triggered a very seldom used
clause in our organization's by laws.
You see. on the council. there is one
seat with more power than the others.
The high seat.
And it comes with this sigil of power.
Until now. that seat was occupied
by Chester Danforth.
I presume you've heard of him.
Because you triggered that clause.
The high seat is now vacant for
the first time in many. many years.
And believe it or not.
You've been given an opportunity
to win the High Seat.
It's very rare that
someone survives a game.
So it comes with this reward.
And the heads of the
remaining council families
will try to win the seat for themselves.
Or in our case. take back
what should still be ours.
This clause is so fucking stupid.
Ah. Afraid one of us was gonna
take daddy's place. eh?
You never know. Mrs. Le Domas could win.
So as Ms. Danforth said.
this is all actually good news.
Mr. Le Bail has smiled upon thee.
-Hail Satan.
-Hail Satan
Hail Satan.
Do you have any questions?
Oh.
-Can I have a cigarette?
-No.
Your sister's existence
was quite a surprise.
You told the Le Domas
that you had no family.
And yet here is Faith.
Grace and Faith.
Fucking Irish Catholics.
Listen. we can make this real quick.
Cause I don't want your fucking chair.
I suppose I wasn't clear.
The High Seat controls the council.
And the Council controls.
Well. everything.
Everything.
The world.
So what. I just have to pull
another card or something?
That won't be necessary.
Think of this as double or nothing.
Because you survived the Domas's
game of hide and seek.
you will play that game again.
No. This time with the council members.
Baby. Man.
So for me to win the seat.
survive until dawn and the rest of them.
This part will be familiar.
They will try to kill you.
Whoever does wins the seat.
Now. we must fill the seat by dawn
or Mr. Le Bail will be very upset.
The winner will.
Fuck yeah.
Quite!
The winner will be coronated in
a special ceremony in the Black Temple.
The creme de la creme
of Mr. Le Bail's faithful
will be in attendance.
It's a whole thing.
-I'm not playing.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-That's the other thing.
-I'm not playing.
You have to compete.
-I'm still not playing.
-Okay.
Pernilla. Kill the sister.
No. no. don't. Fuck. Don't hurt her.
You can take that off.
Listen. you guys seem like good people.
And I don't even know why I'm here.
We haven't seen each other in like 7 years.
Why not?
It's complicated.
Nice leverage. moron.
This thing doesn't even care
about the other thing.
You two don't get along?
We had a falling out.
About what?
-For being asshole
-she's bit twat
Allow me to wrap up.
The game will begin at exactly 2:31pm
in observance of the exact time.
Mr. La Bail...
-Daddy.
-Mi Amore.
-Well. Holyshit. Here you are.
-Okay.
Francesca El Caido. You dumb slut.
-Alex's ex fiance.
Where the fuck is my ring. bitch?
He bought it for me before you stole him.
I threw it at him.
right before he exploded.
You're nothing but a cool ticking whore.
You see. Alex wasn't stupid.
but he sure was fuckin' gullible.
You ruined my life.
And I don't even know who the fuck you are.
Ladies and gentlemen. we should get moving.
Pernilla.
Wait. I want to do it.
No. no. no. no. no.
I just want you to know
it's going to be me who gets you.
-okay?
-No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. I'm just her Emergency contact.
The council members must use a weapon
that existed during the
period in which their ancestor
made his or her bargain with Mr. Le Bail.
The council members are
not allowed to kill each other.
If they do. even by accident.
Mr. Le Bail will be angry
and the offending family's
entire bloodline will be punished.
Beyond that. anything goes.
I don't want to use the blood pen.
I can't nearly sterilize it. Fuck's sake.
The families may observe the proceedings
from the club room.
In the unlikely event
that any of the hunters should perish.
the next person in that family's line
of succession
must take their place on the field.
Best of luck to you all.
-Aren't you gonna change. bro?
-Why?
None of us are going
to have to go out there.
Chester trained his kids
since they could walk
in case this day ever came.
This will be over in five minutes.
It better be. Got a massage in an hour.
The girl will begin the game.
The ninth hole. Green.
Hunters. take your places.
The game will begin in 10.
9. 8. 7.
6. 5. 4.
3. 2. 1.
There are no keys.
Oh. did I forget to put the keys in there?
Fuckin' cheaters.
Idiots.
You cheat suckers.
Yeah.
Grace. Stop it.
We gotta get up.
We gotta move.
Gotta get up.
-Oh. God.
-They're coming.
They're coming.
Why do they want to hurt me?
They don't give a shit about you.
You're here to slow me down.
If you don't do exactly what I say.
we are going to die.
Do you understand?
So we obviously share
the seat when we get it back.
But who gets to wear the ring?
Well. dad wanted me to be the
one in charge. so
Bull shit.
He told me.
Yeah. well. he told me it should be me.
No. he didn't.
We're gonna get to the woods.
We're go to the woods.
Wait. wait. wait.
What if there's people
waiting for us in the woods?
It's not a debate. I am in charge.
Oh. you're in charge?
It's your fuckin' fault I'm here.
All I did was forget to remove
you as my Emergency contact.
It's been 7 years.
You don't know anybody else?
Fine. Whoever kills
her gets to wear the ring.
I'm not agreeing to that.
What the fuck is that?
Holy shit.
What is that?
Hold on. listen.
This is Wan Chen Xing. we met earlier.
Whoa. hold on. There's a way out of this.
I had my lawyer scour the by laws and
we found a loophole.
All we have to do.
Oh. my God.
Nice shot.
There she is.
Get her.
God damn it.
Skippy. screens!
They weren't supposed
to make it off the green.
Give me the fuckin' thing.
God damn it.
There's no way we're getting over that.
There's got to be a tree we could climb.
Oh. we're going to climb with handcuffs.
Okay. okay. fuck.
Okay. Turn on.
What the fuck is this?
Just press input one.
Yeah. no. it's right.
-Show me fuckin' input 1.
-Go press menu and then go
Stupid fuckin' idiots.
Where the fuck are they?
Grace. we've been running forever.
Ow. Fuck. Can you just slow down. please?
Oh. I'm sorry. Okay.
I can't believe you
dragged me into this shit.
How does this even happen?
You're telling me you didn't know
your fiance was in a devil cult?
Seems kind of hard to miss.
I mean. your attention must have
been on all that money.
What. What does that mean?
Nothing. I'm just saying
that I work for my shit
and I don't need rich dick
to solve my problems.
Ew. Fuck you.
-Fuck you.
-Okay. What does Derek do?
-Finance.
-Oh. and I'm chasing rich dick.
He was a starving actor when we first met.
Starving actor with a fallback MBA.
You think I made up Derek?
Kinda now. yeah.
You think I'm pathetic.
You just can't handle it
that I made it and you didn't.
Grace.
there's no use in hiding.
I know you think we're the bad guys here.
but there are no good guys or bad guys.
There's just the system.
Whether you realize it or not.
you're a part of it. too.
You contribute to it how you enable it.
I'm no more evil than you are.
You're just a small part of something
that is much bigger than us
And die with a little dignity.
Handcuffs.
Get up. Oh. my God.
You cannot fuck up like that.
The only way to make what we did to dad
mean something is to win that seat back.
Titus.
Do you understand?
That is the only way it matters.
Let's go to that building
and look for a phone.
The longer we're on this property.
the better their chances of finding us.
We need to figure out a way
to get over that wall.
Let's just make a run for it.
It's completely exposed.
You are too impulsive. You never think.
We don't have anywhere to hide either.
You're gonna get us both killed.
It's too risky. It's too risky. Just.
Okay. just let me think this through.
Sometimes you gotta take a risk.
Is that a gunshot?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh. Found them.
Who's fuckin' shooting them?
Your dad fuckin' sucks.
Never practices.
She gets away. I swear to God.
You sure you want to do that?
I was.
It's getting better.
No more fuckin' risks.
I have an idea.
Over there.
-Oh. my God.
-Let's go. let's go! Fucker.
Oh. my God.
Don't look at it. Don't look at it.
No. no. no. no. no.
Okay.
Okay. We gotta find a phone.
You're leaving a trail of blood behind.
We need to sit down.
-Come on. Sit here.
-Okay.
-Sit.
-Okay
Oh. All right. let's do the little one.
One. two. three.
Just focus on me.
-Ready?
-Okay.
What are you a part time nurse too?
I don't know. Maybe I am.
So what did you do after you graduated?
Oh.
I-I didn't finish. I had to drop out.
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
Then I waited tables.
After all that. follow your dream shit.
Yeah.
well. sometimes dreams don't work out.
And then I met Alex.
And that dream didn't work out either.
Okay. This gonna burn.
All right.
I tried to find you. you know.
I wanted to invite you to the wedding.
I wouldn't have come.
I know. But I wanted you to know
that I wanted you there.
Well. there's no fucking way
you would have got me in one of those
ugly ass bridesmaids dresses. so.
All right. All right.
-Shot for the pain.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh. Nothing's gonna numb the pain
of being with you.
-To surviving till dawn
-again.
Come on. This way.
We're gonna have to fight him.
-But we can take him.
-Fight him?
It's okay.
We can take him.
We've always had each other's backs
in the fight. okay?
We can do this.
Come here. Come here. come here.
That's going to make a lot of noise.
I know. Whatever
-You hold still.
-You hold still!
You can't hide...
Fuck!
Oh. my God. If it was me out there.
she'd be dead.
-Yes. of course. baby.
-Come on. come on. come on.
Get that. bitch.
You.
We are gonna need some glasses
because we're about to have a toast!
What the fuck?
Bath time.
No. no. Hey. hey. hey.
-What are you doing?
-He might have a phone.
Jesus. Oh. God.
Oh. please. Fuck Off.
God. Can you help me? Please?
No. you got this.
You're doing great. I'm not.
I'll just get in the way.
Oh. look. You did it.
Thanks for your help.
He's gone.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
-Mr. Rajan.
-He's gone.
Mr. Rajan. as your brother has left
this mortal plan. you may take the field.
Do I have to?
Your family must be represented
by the eldest member
or legally appointed head of household
in all trials of Succession.
per Article 2. Section 3. Subsection C.
Failure to do so would mean forfeiture
of Mr. Le Bail's favor.
-You mean.
-I'm afraid so.
What about my wife?
Are you saying you want to abdicate
your status as head of the Rajan family
and make my wife hunt?
Yes.
Motherfucker
I'll just need you to sign that.
Madhu. If you sign that.
I will make you very dead.
This is hard for me. too.
Fuck It.
Okie dokie.
-Ma'am. if you please.
-Huh?
Okie dokie.
Nine. one. one. What's your emergency?
I need help. My sister and I
are being held prisoner
at the Danforth Casino golf course.
whatever compound.
People are trying to kill us.
I'm sorry. Ma'am. could you slow down
and repeat yourself?
I said I'm being held prisoner.
My name is...
-Grace MacCaullay...
-I decided to capture all the outgoing calls
on the compound just in case
they managed to get their hands on a phone.
-How?
-We own the phone company!
and they're all devil worshippers.
I know it sounds insane. but we need help.
We're at the Danforth. bro.
Please send someone.
Yes. I understand.
We will send help right away.
Can you make it to the main gate?
Yeah. we'll be there.
Okay. Okay.Okay.
-Are you sure about this?
-Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm not here to hurt you.
Do you hear that Faith?
The lady with the sword
isn't here to hurt us. right?
I have no desire to get into some
punchy. kicky situation with you.
There's a way out of this.
I'm not here to kill you.
I'm here to offer you a deal.
All right. What is it?
I had my lawyers scour the by laws.
I don't think the other council
members know this.
but if you marry into
a High Council family.
if you marry my son.
we get the seat and you get to live.
-bullshit
-I swear to Mr. Le Bail.
She says yes. No more hunt?
No more hunt.
And look. I know your first
marriage didn't end well.
but Wan Cheng Fu isn't like Alex.
He's an idiot. but he. He's kind.
And the world will be far better off
without the Danforths pulling the strings.
Grace.
Titus is a psychopath.
His sister won't be able
to control him and the world
will go to hell faster than it already is.
But you're a good person?
Of course not.
But it's a matter of degrees.
Right. Okay.
So I'm just married to some stranger?
-Yes. but.
-Great.
You don't have to live as a couple.
You can do whatever you want.
-Yeah. she'll do it.
-No.
-What?
No. This seems too easy.
What? I wouldn't have to do anything.
Well.
Ok. Well. what would she have to do?
Technically. she'd be part of the organization.
but she'd just have to do
the usual stuff we all have to do.
-It's not so bad.
-What's that?
-What's the usual stuff?
-I mean.
You mean sacrificing goats and shit
and fucking killing innocent people?
Selling my fucking soul?
That's gonna be a no.
-Fuck off Ignacio.
-I asked you.
Fuckin' weirdo.
You know you can't kill me.
Say yes. Right now.
-Move.
-If you don't.
I have to kill you before he does.
Jesus Christ. I'll do it.
I'll marry your fuckin' son.
Chen. move!
Just do it. please.
She'll do it.
She'll marry your fuckin' son.
She has to say it. You have to say it.
Oh. no.
Why is everyone looking at me?
Okay. well. I'll need a fresh one of these. stat.
And give me a poncho or something.
Thanks. champ.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm really not used to people
combusting all over me.
Yeah.
it's always surprising.
Why did you say no?
You could have saved us.
Because I don't want to spend the rest
of my life fuckin' killing people.
Okay.
That lady sold her soul.
I'm not gonna sell mine.
I'd rather be dead than live like that.
You wanna know why I don't take risks?
It's because the one time I did.
I got fucked and moved to
New York and I.
And I lost you.
You didn't move to New York. You left me.
Faith. you can't do this right now.
You could have taken me with you.
I was 18.
It was a once in a lifetime scholarship.
-How do you not...
-We were a team.
You could have become my legal guardian.
You were 15.
I couldn't take care of you.
I could have helped with rent.
How? It was New York.
You were a kid.
Yeah. your kid's sister.
I told you I had a plan.
I was gonna make a
better life for both of us.
I was gonna bring you out once I graduate.
Do you know how long
3 years is at that age?
Faith. you Were okay.
You were safe.
-Grace.
-We had decent foster parents.
You had a roof over your head.
Grace.
You left me.
I called you for years.
-You didn't want to talk to me.
-I was mad.
-It broke my fuckin' heart.
-After you broke mine.
God.
you remember the last thing
you said to me?
I said. please don't go.
And you said: "I have to".
There's no other way.
I'm fucking sorry.
I'm happy for you.
I'm very happy for you
and your perfect life.
I made up Derek.
I live in Bushwick
and I'm not a social media manager.
What do you do?
I'm a hostess.
Technically as a waitress. I outrank you.
Maybe a hostess because
they said I'm so pretty.
Yeah. but you don't get any tips.
I get a lot of tips.
'Cause I'm really pretty.
Well. I don't need tips because my fake
boyfriend Derek makes bank. so.
Right. right. right. right.
God bless Derek.
Let's go.
Where are they?
Can you get that?
It could be them.
-Answer it.
-I don't want to answer them.
They can't get the same 911 operator twice.
-What the do I say?
-Just fuckin' answer it.
9-1-1. What's your emergency?
We're here. Where are the cops?
Where are you?
We're following a wall to the main gate.
I don't see a cop car.
The unit is close.
Just wait there at the gate
and they will see you.
-See that?
-Nice.
So we knew it was your voice on the phone.
fuckin' dumbass.
Yeah. idiots.
-We've been watching you.
-Good for you.
All right. well tell us
how to open the gate.
You can only do that from the
control room.
How do we get there?
Yeah.
well. you go back inside. you make a left.
The elevator on the far right is the only
one that descends to the sub basement.
You make a right.
you go into the control room.
When you're inside. you fuck yourselves
tell us how to open it.
I don't feel like it.
Tell us how to open the gate
or we're gonna kill your brother.
Fine. kill him.
I'm not fuckin' around.
Yeah. me neither.
Him out of the way.
The seat's all mine.
Well. that's some cold blood. And so
who abandoned who
back in the day?
Shut up.
You. Right. you're older.
She's just been holding you back all day.
You know she's gonna leave you again.
Shut the fuck up.
Fucking hit me.
Run her down. That's my bitch.
Get out of the road.
What?
I think she's leaving. boss.
Faith. please go!
What are you doing? Get help.
Run.
Give it up. Grace.
This is for the best.
Get the fuck over.
Come on. One. two. three.
Okay. All right.
Oh. my God.
We got to get to the golf car.
Come on.
Let's go. Let's go.
"Kill him. I don't care?!"
I was stalling. you idiot.
Surely did a number on you.
You look at that.
Stop treating me like I'm a fuckin' child.
Okay? I am ready to take the field.
You're not allowed to. actually.
You abdicated.
You're no longer the head of your family.
and your wife controls all of your assets.
Even though she's chosen not to hunt.
she still represents your family.
You own nothing.
I think. I think I need to lie down.
Where shall I send your brother's remains?
To your mother's. asshole.
You fuck.
Have a nice nap.
Fuck you. Fuck you.
And fuck you. you creepy little fuck.
I fucking hate all of you.
Fuck. You too
Okay. that's not at all sad.
I'm ready.
Give me the fuckin' pen.
Come on. One. One.
Come on. I told you to fuckin' run.
Just sit. Let me.
Let me. Let me help pull it.
-It's got to come out.
-No!
I'm gonna find you something for the pain.
Oh. there's pepper spray.
You don't think. You don't. Listen.
Out of all the options in front of you.
you always manage to pick the dumbest one.
It's actually impressive.
-How. How do you do it?
-I saved you.
You could have saved yourself.
You could have gotten help.
I can't take care of both of us.
I can't. I can't do it.
Oh. it's all my fault.
I know. I'm such a burden.
You're a fucking child.
The only reason I'm fucking
here is because of you.
And now I'm gonna fucking
die here because of you.
You would have died
hours ago if it wasn't for me.
Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't run
away and abandon you.
but that's more your thing.
I was right to fucking leave.
And I wish you never goddamn found me.
Wow.
You right. I should have run.
Good luck and fuck off.
Faith. Wait.
Hi cunt.
-Bye. cunt
-Fuck
All alone again. huh?
Thought you could fuck with me?
Where's your sister?
She's gone.
She's probably bringing
the cops right now.
We own the cops.
God damn it.
Where the fuck are you?
I'm gonna tear you apart.
You have to put that up.
Slowing your sister down
is the only significant thing you've
ever done and will ever do.
You're not even a person.
Just a collection of organs
and meaningless opinions
approximating a personality.
I've been dreaming about this moment.
You obviously don't know where you are.
-This is My house.
-Yeah.
and the house always wins.
You save that one for douchebag.
This was my mother's dress.
All she ever wanted was for me to be happy.
And Alex made me happy.
You're fucking crazy.
I'm gonna kill you now.
You stole him. You changed him.
Dude. he didn't fucking love you.
Titus. Titus. stop. Titus.
-What the are you doing?
-Killing this girl.
Jesus Christ. Titus.
we don't have time.
Titus. wait.
We can use her.
Faith.
Grace.
I know you're out there.
I have your sister. Grace.
Don't you worry.
She's doing...
well she's doing just peachy.
-Go on.
-Grace.
-Yeah?
If you don't return to the lobby
within the next 10 minutes. she dies.
Grace. just leave me.
After she's dead.
I'm gonna find you. Grace.
Wherever you are.
And I'm gonna kill you.
So if you
want to save your sister.
get your ass to the lobby.
Hey. After I kill your sister.
you and I are gonna have more fun.
Take her to the lodge.
-Back for round two. bitch?
-Yeah.
Say hi to Alex for me.
She's fuckin' here. Oh. Christ.
Help me. you fuckin' turd.
Grace.
Where's my sister?
I don't know. I'm not playing anymore.
I'm an innocent by stander.
Oh. shit. shit. shit.
-Grace.
-Faith.
Faith.
Where is she?
I-I-I don't know. I don't know.
Tell me where she is.
I don't...
Let's dance. puta.
-Don't hurt her.
-Get out of there. Grace.
Fuck you.
That glass may be 2 inches thick.
but I could still blow your
sister's brains all over this window.
You only have 3 seconds.
-Three.
-Don't do it.
-Two.
-Don't listen to him.
-One.
-Okay. okay. stop.
Stop. I'll come out.
I'll come out.
No. Grace. don't.
Grace.
If you marry me.
Grace. no. Look at me.
I would rather die than you lose your soul.
That woman. she said
there's a loophole to all this.
She said if we get married.
you get your seat and I get to live.
Well. don't know
if we'll be able to get
her out before dawn.
I accept your proposal.
Okay. Okay. Good. Good.
I'm gonna need some assurances first.
so I know you're not
just gonna kill us both.
When I come out.
-I swear to you.
-Don't swear to me.
Fuckin shit. Swear to Mr. Le Bail.
I swear to Mr. Le Bail that no harm
shall come to you or your sister.
-You came back.
-Of course.
I'm so sorry.
I'll have everything you need brought in.
Get ready I'm.
The guests are already arriving
for the coronation.
Toast. We're about to become family.
Grace. I never wanted to hurt you.
But I had to follow the rules.
Listen. we don't have a lot of time.
so I'm just gonna say it.
I'm scared. It's my brother.
I didn't understand who he really is
I spent my whole life
searching for the good in him.
You know what I found?
Nothing.
Absolutely fucking nothing.
I thought I could keep him in check.
but he's lost it.
Grace. I need your help.
We have to try to control him together.
Having a seat doesn't have to be bad.
Think about all the good
we could do with that power.
But I need you at my side.
Grace. You're not like us.
You have hope.
I don't. though.
You took it from me.
Yeah. We are good at that.
Little girl time.
Thank you for showing me
who you really are.
Titus.
-You want to control me.
-No. No.
You want all
the power for yourself.
You do. You do.
You always do. You always do.
Titus. stop. Please.
Look at me. Grace.
Grace. look at me.
Pernilla. Make her looking at me.
Oh. I want you to see this. Grace.
I want you to see this. Grace.
Enough.
I want you to see who I am.
I want you to see that I am not
a man who can be controlled.
You mentioned the rules.
There's nothing in the rules
about killing a family member.
Try to keep me in check now.
Just try
I told you it would be me who got you.
I'll see you at the altar.
You can't do this.
I have to. There's no other way.
It's okay.
I can't see shit. Move.
Nominee Satani Lucifer Excelsis
in the name of our great
and eternal benefactor.
come forth and the bestow
your blessing upon these.
In the names of Satan.
Lucifer. Baliol. Leviathan.
Come forth and bear witness.
Hail Satan.
Welcome. everyone.
I'm pleased so many of you could make it.
Not only do we have our
coronation this fine morning.
we also have a wedding.
Our cup runneth over.
Titus.
Your hand. please.
Your vows being made by intent.
by the power of Satan.
I now confer the possession
of each other upon you.
Titus Chester Danforth.
Do you take this woman in this world
and the next.
-Unto the fires of Hell?
-I do.
And do. you.
Grace Elizabeth Macaulay Le Domas.
take this man to be yours
in flesh and spirit.
in this world and the next.
-Unto the fires of Hell?
-I do.
What he hath forged in Hell.
let no mortal tear asunder
we ask this in thy name. O Lord.
I now pronounce you man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Titus Danforth is hereby granted
the high seat of the Council of Le Bail.
-Hail satan.
Hail satan.
What the fuck.
It's not against the rules
to kill family members.
Thank you for that.
It's me who got you.
Help me. Help me.
What the fuck is happening?
Get on your knees.
Shimham. Farash.
This means I can do whatever I want. right?
That is correct.
Huh?
I could lead this operation.
I could change the world.
So. as my first act as
The head of your High Council.
I hereby remove myself from the council
and this entire fuckin' organization.
Bro. can she even do that?
There's surprisingly little language about
this in the by laws.
since no one believed anyone would
ever willingly give away so much power.
Okay. but then who gets the seat?
Whoever's wearing the ring by dawn.
When's dawn?
In three minutes. give or take.
But it's just the council families or...
literally anyone.
And you said if no one's wearing a ring
by dawn. Mr. Le Bail would be...
very upset.
Very upset.
Choke on it. You in-bred fuck.
I'm coming. my love.
Oh. wow.
Someone had to burn it all down.
You are good at destroying things.
You're free.
See ya. Bye.
Free. Yeah. Hey. Yeah.
Don't look there.
Yeah. I'm alive.
We made it. We made it.
Holy fuckin' shit. Yeah. Yeah.
I've renounced my pack.
So I've been spared. too.
Let's fuckin' party.
Jesus Christ.
What's that?
Yeah.
Can we go?
♪ Tonight your mine ♪
♪ completely ♪
Rocket launcher.
♪ You give your love ♪
♪ so sweetly ♪
Let's go.
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ the light of love's in your eyes ♪
♪ but will you love me tomorrow? ♪
♪ Is this a lasting treasure? ♪
I love you.
I love you. too.
I missed you.
Yeah. well. you know.
not gonna have to anymore.
You're gonna get really fuckin' sick of me.
Promise?
I do.
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ with words unspoken. ♪
♪ You say I'm the only one. ♪
-What are you going to do with the goat?
-I don't know.
How many times you gonna
get married this week?
-It's too sick!
-It's got to be a record.
I'm gonna go to hospital.
-I need a bath.
-I need food.
♪ I'd like to know ♪
♪ that you're love. ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org